Is the voltage regulator working?
  on bootup, no output, it appears.
  write 0 to enable - still no 3V3.
  write 1 to enable pin on boot --
  solid 3.28 V, distibuted across board it appears.
  
Add code to make sure it's enabled on bootup -- will come back to adding
code which cycles on and off, including sequencing with DAC


Somewhat surprisingly, it appears to be scanning just fine, though the
results are slightly unexpected.

With a 10ohm load, dialed in a delay of -1.04e-6 s, compared to something 1.5e-6s
with the previous board.

This puts the real impedance around 2, and a capacitive reactance once the
frequency gets above maybe 10kHz.

Is there some weird loading that I'm not understanding?

Maybe better to plot bode of the two readings separately, before they
are divided to get impedance.

From those plots, looks like the drive amplitude increases to a maximum
around 4kHz. 

With a delay of 24 us, the phase curves overlap perfectly up to almost 10kHz,
above which the current sense goes sort of crazy.

What time constants might arise based on the schematic?

The outside nodes of the decoupling are 10uF series, and a 120k to
virtual ground.  That has a time constant of 1.2s, and should look
like a high pass.  That means 45deg phase shift at 1.2s, and asymptoting
to zero phase at high frequency.  I should be well away from
any of that.

There is a little funkiness because the "middle" nodes are basically shorted,
they have double the capacitance, and half the resistance.  Time constant
should be the same.

What does a scan look like with an open circuit?  

Not bad - below 10kHz, the perceived impedance trails down
some, and much of it shows a phase shift of something like -30deg.
But at 10kHz it's showing an impedance of 100k - nice.

The per-channel data show a noisy current sense, several orders
of magnitude below the voltage sense.  Makes sense - there's a nice
10R across there, while the voltage sense is open, though with 120k
on the other side of the caps.

Voltage sense shows a pole (?) at about 30kHz, with phase
shooting up.

With a cap on there - the nyquist diagram has a nice straight up,
low frequencies => large +imag(z).

The whole thing is shifted a bit off zero - like even at
high frequency it would have a series resistance of 6.
That could be some sort of interaction between the decoupling
caps and the capacitive d.u.t.

This also resulted in a nice peaked amplitude at 5100Hz.

Probably need to run this through the scope to really see what's going
on.

 - tried a quick ltspice simulation, which didn't turn up anything.
 - is it possible that it's a GBW thing?  gain of 10 for voltage sense,
   but 200 for current sense?  800kHz unity gain bandwidth!  So I am
   hitting that ceiling for sure, and likely that it makes the current
   sense side look a bit capacitive, making the impedance overall look
   inductive.  Really ought to stick something a bit higher in there,
   get some of that gain back.
   The real fix probably is a different inamp, maybe even something
   with automatic gain?

   Interim fix, set the gain on current sense same as the voltage sense,
   and accept that resolution won't be great. put R19 back to 10k (or maybe it
   was a 12k)
   
 - interestingly, this also fixes the need for extra phase adjustment in
   the past.  I guess in that older circuit, I didn't have any gain for
   the current sense, and 10 for the voltage sense.
